Add class work Quarto files (#24)
posit-conf-2023/vetiver: class-work/04-monitor-python.qmd

```

## Monitor metrics over time ⏳

```{python}
#| fig-align: center
from vetiver import vetiver_endpoint, predict, compute_metrics, plot_metrics
from sklearn.metrics import recall_score, accuracy_score
from datetime import timedelta

inspections_new['inspection_date'] = pd.to_datetime(inspections_new['inspection_date'])
inspections_new['month'] = inspections_new['inspection_date'].dt.month
inspections_new['year'] = inspections_new['inspection_date'].dt.year

url = "https://colorado.posit.co/rsc/chicago-inspections-python/predict"
endpoint = vetiver_endpoint(url)
inspections_new["preds"] = predict(endpoint = url, data = inspections_new.drop(columns = ["results", "aka_name", "inspection_date"]))

inspections_new["preds"] = inspections_new["preds"].map({"PASS": 0, "FAIL": 1})
inspections_new["results"] = inspections_new["results"].map({"PASS": 0, "FAIL": 1})

td = timedelta(weeks = 4)
metric_set = [accuracy_score, recall_score]

metrics_df = compute_metrics(
    data = ___,
    date_var = "inspection_date", 
    period = td,
    metric_set = metric_set,
    truth = "results",
    estimate = "preds"
  )
metrics_df
```

```{python}
plot_metrics(metrics_df)
```

> Read about how you can use pins for versioning metrics: <https://rstudio.github.io/vetiver-r/reference/vetiver_pin_metrics.html>

Author: ```suggestion
Read about how you can use pins for versioning metrics: <https://rstudio.github.io/vetiver-python/stable/reference/pin_metrics.html>
```
Is this right?
